playin and exploring and sometimes
getting up to mischief with Rambo is a
little well actually a lot bigger than
me but we get on just fine he's allowed
to do more than I am because he's older
but that's okay I love spending my days
with him when I can he's just as playful
as me
sometimes rainbow gets a little off when
we play I don't think he means to he
just forgets how small I am and it never
hurts so I brush myself off and get on
with it
it toughen me up rainbows calling me now
I think he wants us to go for a walk
I'm coming rainbow huh
we're not going too far are we
hey rainbow where are you you're always
doing this just disappearing
you might be allowed this far but my
mama won't be too happy with me
rainbow rainbow Oh what are they
I bet rainbow knows oh there you are
don't you see those big animals look
over there those with the big horns
oh they're buffalo my mama told me all
about them rainbow what was it my mama
said hmm no can't remember they're
pretty big actually the closer we get
the bigger they get they look a bit
scary and I don't think we should be
this close that was what my mama said
don't get close whoops
remember you've got me in trouble again
do you think they saw us